Feature/secret (#3)
figment-networks/datahub-learn: network-documentation/secret/tutorials/3.-querying-the-secret-blockchain.md

    parts: {
      total: '1',
      hash: '969139EDAB337E9C8416F34D87EEF426FB70C90AE571FF4B546F8FD21066C00F'
    }
  },
  block: {
    header: {
      version: [Object],
      chain_id: 'holodeck-2',
      height: '399493',
      time: '2020-12-05T06:41:27.404915442Z',
      last_block_id: [Object],
      last_commit_hash: '94E9622FB8A11D1727E5685AB3A502AE900AB7CCD7427B61B1D4423C2DB562F7',
      data_hash: '',
      validators_hash: 'DE48B10B6E3C1D46DF7E85DCBE4FA66FC0B4139548ABDA5B219265CFC051A460',
      next_validators_hash: 'DE48B10B6E3C1D46DF7E85DCBE4FA66FC0B4139548ABDA5B219265CFC051A460',
      consensus_hash: '048091BC7DDC283F77BFBF91D73C44DA58C3DF8A9CBC867405D8B7F3DAADA22F',
      app_hash: '310998D5CAA71D7E3304B706F12F5763E850BF07AA8C9143C8EEF2C884D61969',
      last_results_hash: '',
      evidence_hash: '',
      proposer_address: '996F75F6CF4B7A2EF4DA22521F2C20675E824979'
    },
    data: { txs: null },
    evidence: { evidence: null },
    last_commit: {
      height: '399492',
      round: '0',
      block_id: [Object],
      signatures: [Array]
    }
  }
}
```

You can also get a block by height, here's one with an array of TXs for example;

```javascript

> await client.restClient.blocks(398149);

Author: This should be working as well now

```

Now that we had a chance to look at network info, it's time to get more details about our own account.

In `query.js`, add this snippet below the comment `// 2. Query account information` and run the following script:

```javascript
const account = await client.getAccount(process.env.ADDRESS)

> console.log('Account: ', account);

Reviewer: I get `Account:  undefined`

It's set up like this in `.env`
```
ADDRESS=secret109wxrrczu936zlqfd7atwyzw3ntz57wvj875h7
```

It appears in the explorer:
https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/account/secret109wxrrczu936zlqfd7atwyzw3ntz57wvj875h7

When I call data hub directly(`/auth/accounts/secret195gut3zdlsuxurx9eany3d4ejg6lznlhcm0phc`), I get this response:
```
{"height":"1324156","result":{"type":"cosmos-sdk/Account","value":{"address":"","coins":[],"public_key":"","account_number":0,"sequence":0}}}%
```

Reviewer: It also doesn't work when I use the account in the tutorial `secret195gut3zdlsuxurx9eany3d4ejg6lznlhcm0phc`, I get the same datahub response 🤷

Author: Please see if this section about getting tokens before using the initially undefined account is OK.

https://github.com/levackt/datahub-learn/blob/feature/secret/network-documentation/secret/tutorials/2.-setting-up-your-wallet.md#getting-testnet-tokens

Reviewer: ok, thanks! makes sense, I'll try again when testnet is available on DataHub :)

Author: With testnet/holodeck now live on DataHub, I've made that the default

---
description: Learn how to pull information from the Secret Network using DataHub
---

# Querying the Secret Network

## Introduction 

Often times you will need to pull information about the blockchain and its state such as: 

* Most recent synced block
* Node information
* Account details

Let’s see how this can be done by using DataHub to connect to a Secret Network node.

In this tutorial, we will explore different queries that we can run against our [**DataHub** ](https://figment.io/datahub-waitlist/)Secret node. More specifically, we will take a look at retrieving data about:

* Blockchain details
* Account details

## **Prerequisites**

> Please make sure that you completed tutorial #1 of the Secret Network Pathway Tutorial, "Connecting to a Secret Network node with DataHub", before beginning. We will be building on top of the Nodejs application you created in the previous tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that you have completed the tutorials:

1. [Connecting to a Secret Network node with DataHub](https://learn.figment.io/network-documentation/secret/tutorials/1.-connecting-to-a-secret-node-using-datahub)
2. [Setting up your wallet](https://learn.figment.io/network-documentation/secret/tutorials/2.-setting-up-your-wallet)

We will be building on top of the Nodejs application you created in these tutorials.
```

    }
  }
}
```

You can also get a block by height, here's one with an array of TXs for example;

```javascript
await client.restClient.blocks(398149);
```

Now that we had a chance to look at network info, it's time to get more details about our own account.

In `query.js`, add this snippet below the comment `// 2. Query account information` and run the following script:

```javascript
const account = await client.getAccount(process.env.ADDRESS)
console.log('Account: ', account);
```

This call should return an output similar to:

```javascript
account:  {
  address: 'secret195gut3zdlsuxurx9eany3d4ejg6lznlhcm0phc',
  balance: [ { denom: 'uscrt', amount: '100000000' } ],
  pubkey: {
    type: 'tendermint/PubKeySecp256k1',
    value: 'AqcQWwunOX4t8B15lnYYt0x0OL9+OffPS/+0RbSZTM5I'
  },
  accountNumber: 21,
  sequence: 0
}
```

In this response, you can see your account address and how many uSCRT you own. Hopefully, you see `100000000` uSCRT (100 SCRT) that you received from the testnet faucet.

If your account balance is 0, please go to tutorial \#2 under “Getting testnet tokens” to request some free tokens. You will need them in tutorial \#4.

## **Conclusion**

> Congratulations! Now you know how to query a Secret Network node with [**DataHub**](https://figment.io/datahub-waitlist/) to get the information you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! Now you know how to query a Secret Network node with [**DataHub**](https://datahub.figment.io/login) to get the information you need.
```

```javascript
const nodeInfo = await client.restClient.nodeInfo();
console.log('nodeInfo: ', nodeInfo);
```

This should return a response similar to:

```javascript
{
  node_info: {
    protocol_version: { p2p: '7', block: '10', app: '0' },
    id: '64b03220d97e5dc21ec65bf7ee1d839afb6f7193',
    listen_addr: 'tcp://0.0.0.0:26656',
    network: 'holodeck-2',
    version: '0.33.8',
    channels: '4020212223303800',
    moniker: 'ChainofSecretsBootstrap',
    other: { tx_index: 'on', rpc_address: 'tcp://0.0.0.0:26657' }
  },
  application_version: {
    name: 'SecretNetwork',
    server_name: 'secretd',
    client_name: 'secretcli',
    version: '1.0.0',
    commit: '',
    build_tags: 'netgo ledger hw production',
    go: 'go version go1.14.2 linux/amd64'
  }
}
```

In the response, you can find information about the network; such as the chain-id, its version, protocol version, and application version.

{% hint style="info" %}
This is very useful information to make sure that the CLI you use is compatible with the node you are connecting to. 
{% endhint %}

### Block information 

> Great! Now it’s time to get some more information about the node we are connecting to. Add this snippet below the `blocksLatest` call:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Great! Now it’s time to get some more information about the node we are connecting to. Add this snippet below the `2. Query latest blocks` comment:
```

      chain_id: 'holodeck-2',
      height: '399493',
      time: '2020-12-05T06:41:27.404915442Z',
      last_block_id: [Object],
      last_commit_hash: '94E9622FB8A11D1727E5685AB3A502AE900AB7CCD7427B61B1D4423C2DB562F7',
      data_hash: '',
      validators_hash: 'DE48B10B6E3C1D46DF7E85DCBE4FA66FC0B4139548ABDA5B219265CFC051A460',
      next_validators_hash: 'DE48B10B6E3C1D46DF7E85DCBE4FA66FC0B4139548ABDA5B219265CFC051A460',
      consensus_hash: '048091BC7DDC283F77BFBF91D73C44DA58C3DF8A9CBC867405D8B7F3DAADA22F',
      app_hash: '310998D5CAA71D7E3304B706F12F5763E850BF07AA8C9143C8EEF2C884D61969',
      last_results_hash: '',
      evidence_hash: '',
      proposer_address: '996F75F6CF4B7A2EF4DA22521F2C20675E824979'
    },
    data: { txs: null },
    evidence: { evidence: null },
    last_commit: {
      height: '399492',
      round: '0',
      block_id: [Object],
      signatures: [Array]
    }
  }
}
```

You can also get a block by height, here's one with an array of transactions, for example;

```javascript
await client.restClient.blocks(398149);
```

Now that we had a chance to look at network info, it's time to get more details about our own account.

> In `query.js`, add this snippet below the comment `// 2. Query account information` and run the following script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In `query.js`, add this snippet below the comment `// 3. Query account` and run the following script:
```
